---
layout: post
title: How Parasite uses production design and pizza boxes to plunge people into it's wacky world
description: This article was originally published in the UNIT-E magazine.
---
*This article was originally published in the UNIT-E magazine.*

![](./park.png)

The South Korean film Parasite, directed by Bong Joon-ho, made waves around the
world when it won four awards at the 92nd Academy Awards, being the first
non-English language film to take home the prestigious Best Picture award. The
film depicts the poor Kim family infiltrating the richer Park family, and has
resonated with audiences around the world largely because of its ability to
immerse audience members in this fictional world.

According to several interviews with the production designer for this piece,
Bong had from the very start a clear vision of the architecture of both houses
featured in the film, and was highly involved with the design of these houses,
through 3D modelling. When Kevin, the son of the Kim family, first enters the
Park house, he moves up multiple flights of stairs, while his own home is a
semi-basement, deep in the ground- the space itself is a metaphor for status.

Watching the film, you might not notice any CGI - but there are computer
generated elements everywhere. The top half of the Park house, the Kim's street,
shots in the rain were all computer-generated. This new trend, known as
**invisible effects** is \*\*\*\*where VFX is used to extend sets, build crowds,
improve background, and swap out clothing. This allows for more flexibility to
stick to the director's vision in post-production, after the film is shot.

A tried and true cornerstone of writing advice is writing what you know.
Parasite is a shining example of this. Bong worked as a tutor for a wealthy
family in Seoul, and used this experience as a starting point for his writing of
Parasite. Bong fleshes out the lore of his world through little details such as
pizza box folding records, Taiwanese castella stores, and jjapguri, a type of
ramen, topped with steak, which may not seem like much, but combined, make the
world feel so much more believable.

What this means for writers, actors, filmmakers, or any young creative
storytellers is that immersing your audience in your world is incredibly
important to make it feel real, and this can be done through setting,
technology, details and drawing from your own past experiences.